AI: Restructure & Add New Topics (#8255)
DevExpress/devextreme-documentation: concepts/90 AI Features/00 Overview of AI-Powered Features/00 Overview of AI-Powered Features.md

> DevExtreme ships with multiple AI-powered capabilities. You can implement any large language model (LLM) that offers REST/client APIs to activate these features, including self-hosted AI agents.

Reviewer: The phrasing in the first sentence is a little uncertain. You can almost read it like we're implementing AI-powered capabilities. But we only allow our customers to integrate that AI functionality in the right places. 

In the second sentence, seems like the phrase "including self-hosted AI agents" comments on the word "features" (like "agents" are a subset of "features"). So I would change the order there. 

If I changed the meaning a little too much, please let me know. 

```suggestion
You can use AI-powered capabilities with a number of DevExtreme components. To activate these AI-powered features, implement any large language model (LLM) that offers REST/client APIs. Self-hosted or remote AI agents are supported.
```

Author: Yeah, your suggestion leaves far less room for misinterpretation, thank you!
